a hollywood blockbuster put yourself in vine passionate have
managed to get costumes from the 20s of the 80s and realize their
own movie
to discover at the end of this diary
movie heroes of the eighties back to robocop eric gold batters are
still gathered on the screen this is not the latest production of Hollywood
net of vaulx-en-velin
amateur filmmakers and enthusiasts have managed to get
the costumes of the two heroes and one would have to elysée their robocop movie
against predator julien saubade o is to be done
and for his return
he chose for white
the predator is preparing to attack
it seems to me
half time 0-1
he left without anything in front of saint-affrique it is the year of the
social debt cdrs perception case
they are amateur filmmakers
costume collector of the movie just plain viewer
for seven months they have embarked on an adventure a little crazy for
revive robocop the predators two stars of action movies of
80 years
I've been a fan for a long time since the release of the movie
and Julien dumond as director of the film and allows you to live your dreams
but project postponements and prosperity
it's the real costume of the film as it's announced it's a replica that has
been done as I measure 1 meter 54
I am little robot that of the world
I extended my afternoon
especially for shooting in both characters
I work seniors
predator division not at all
it's the name of the ump
the violent polymer opposites with the characters very soft fire
the choice of the film
production had action group of explosions of supervised stunts
by a professional
all done voluntarily most often with the means of the edge
facing this defense
within 5 m
we know fragile
and we're going to put a key in a remote-controlled explosion
and who likened it to Passover
the pasok tried the tinker
announces April on the fact that all they do like that
in this world we will not be happy
besides the good mood the new president according to a member from the
pop up in los angeles and hollywood on that because right now these encounters
where we ask ourselves is whether the whole of the year
forty-five minutes of the film are already in box
robocop between predators will be visible on the internet in a few months but
some fans could not wait